README.md, before:

# plp-assignments

This repository contains solutions and code for my PLP (Power Learn Project) assignments.

## Repository Structure

- `assignment-1/`  
  Contains the first assignment, a basic calculator program written in Python.
- `assignment-2/`  
  Contains the second assignment, a Python program demonstrating basic list operations.

## Assignments

### Assignment 1: Basic Calculator

A simple command-line calculator that performs addition, subtraction, multiplication, and division.  
See [assignment-1/README.md](assignment-1/README.md) for details.

### Assignment 2: List Operations

A Python program that demonstrates basic list operations such as appending, inserting, extending, removing, sorting, and finding the index of an element.  
See [assignment-2/README.md](assignment-2/README.md) for details.

## How to Use

1. Navigate to the assignment directory.
2. Follow the instructions in the respective `README.md` file to run the code.

---
This repository will be updated with more assignments as the course progresses.

Commit message:

Updated README.md file by adding assignment-3

README.md, after:

# plp-assignments

This repository contains solutions and code for my PLP (Power Learn Project) assignments.

## Repository Structure

- `assignment-1/`  
  Contains the first assignment, a basic calculator program written in Python.
- `assignment-2/`  
  Contains the second assignment, a Python program demonstrating basic list operations.

## Assignments

### Assignment 1: Basic Calculator

A simple command-line calculator that performs addition, subtraction, multiplication, and division.  
See [assignment-1/README.md](assignment-1/README.md) for details.

### Assignment 2: List Operations

A Python program that demonstrates basic list operations such as appending, inserting, extending, removing, sorting, and finding the index of an element.  
See [assignment-2/README.md](assignment-2/README.md) for details.

## How to Use

1. Navigate to the assignment directory.
2. Follow the instructions in the respective `README.md` file to run the code.


### Assignment 3: Discount Calculator

A python program that calculates discount of a given price. See [assignment-3/README.md](assignment-3/README.md) for details.


## How to Use

1. Navigate to the assignment directory.
2. Follow the instructions in the respective `README.md` file to run the code.


---
This repository will be updated with more assignments as the course progresses.
